Order of the Bee
================

DISTRO - Distribution Committee Report - Summit 2014
-----------------------------------------------------


DRAFT VERSION


Chair: Ben Chevallereau

Committee Description: Work on how the Order-specific distribution will work. Establish standards, source code control, QA. Set milestones. Pick a name (other than "OOTB Edition"). Do the work.

Progress on the actions:

* Work on how the Order-specific distribution will work

    MC created a first pass at a puppet/vagrant driven development process for the distro
    and forked it here https://github.com/OrderOfTheBee/ootb-allinone-mysql - all future 
    work will take place on the fork.

    The vagrant build creates a couple of VMs - at this point there is one that is used
    just to build the addons and then one to create an alfresco instance with those addons
    installed. This build will allow addon developers to ensure their addon runs with 
    particular versions of DISTRO

    The intention is that the same puppet configuration that is used in the vagrant build
    will be used to directly provision live instances of the distro (using "puppet-apply")
    if required. At the moment this build process does not include any vision for installers
    not based on puppet.

* Establish standards, source code control, QA. 

    As mentioned above, puppet and vagrant have been used to create a repeatable build 
    process and we have used github source control to store the results of that.

    There is also a plan for the build system to include an extra VM to run tests,
    probably using Robot Framework along with Selenium for UI based tests (i.e. is this
    addon installed, can we see its UI artefacts, are other expected elements present)

    As far as standards, MC has proposed that no addon be accepted into DISTRO unless
    it has:

    * Enough documentation to allow a rookie user to access most or all of the functionality 
      of the addon
    * At least a few basic tests to demonstrate the addon's correct running
    * It would be the responsibility of the sponsor of the addon's inclusion in DISTRO to 
      provide the tests.

* Set milestones. 

"Summit"

    The build system currently builds four addons (chosen not for eventual inclusion but
    to demonstrate different build styles, e.g. AMPs from github, jar builds, etc) and 
    installs them in the alfresco build. This is the "Summit" milestone.

"Testable"

    At this milestone it should be easy to test installed addons and it should be obvious
    through documentation and examples how to create tests to support the inclusion of
    addons

"Selection"

    A selection of addons takes place. It's possible that there might be vertical iterations
    of this process to provide addon sets for individual circumstances but the first 
    selection of addons should be generic (although that is to be discussed). This could 
    take place in parallel with the "Testable" milestone.

"Distribute"

    We create a 1.0.0 distribution of the Order of the Bee distro

* Pick a name (other than "OOTB Edition").

    "Alfresco BE" (Bee Edition) got a lot of traction but we could never use it due to the
    copyright.

    "Honeycomb" was mostly agreed on as the distribution name, although that does clash 
    with what was originally chosen for the curated addons.
